Instruction: answer the following questions by combing the search engine results and properly citing them.

1.
Question: What's the difference between Shia vs. Sunni Islam?

Document [1](Title: The Sunni vs Shia Divide - Explained - Globalo): The Sunni vs Shia Divide - Explained - Globalo centuries-long strained relationship between Sunnis and Shias. As a scholar of Islam and a public educator, I often field questions about Sunnis, Shias and the sects of Islam. What exactly is the Shia-Sunni divide? And what is its history? History of divide Both Sunnis and Shias \u2013 drawing their faith and practice from the Qur\u2019an and the life of the Prophet Muhammad \u2013 agree on most of the fundamentals of Islam. The differences are related more to historical events, ideological heritage and issues of leadership. The first and central difference emerged after the death of Prophet Muhammad in A.D. 632.
Document [2](Title: What\u2019s the difference between Sunni and Shia Islam? \u2013 Macrosnaps): What\u2019s the difference between Sunni and Shia Islam? \u2013 Macrosnaps What\u2019s the difference between Sunni and Shia Islam? Sunni and Shia identities (the 2 main branches of Islam) first formed around a dispute over leadership succession after the death of the Prophet Muhammad in 632 A.D. Sunni is the larger branch (estimated 85-90% of total world Muslim population) and it's adherents are referred to as \"people of the tradition of Muhammad\", while Shia are \"followers\" of Muhammad's son-in-law and cousin Ali. Sunnis rely heavily on the practice of the Prophet Muhammad and his teachings, the Shia view their ayatollahs as reflections of God on earth. What challenges does the anti-IS
Document [3](Title: Difference between Sunni and Shia Muslims | Sunni vs Shia Muslims): Difference between Sunni and Shia Muslims | Sunni vs Shia Muslims of Muhammad, the last prophet of God. A follower of Islam is known as a Muslim. Many Muslims believe that their sole purpose is to worship and serve God, for which they have established five pillars of Islam that guides a Muslim on almost every aspect of life and society. Due to differences, Muslims have been divided into two primary sects: The Sunnis and the Shias. These two sects have many similarities and both consider themselves are Muslims, following the will of God. However, they are also different from each other in certain aspects. Both the Sunnis and the Shias,

Answer: The main difference between Shia and Sunni Muslim is related to ideological heritage and issues of leadership [1]. This difference is first formed after the death of the Prophet Muhammad in 632 A.D. [2]. The ideological practice of the Sunni branch strictly follows Prophet Muhammad and his teachings, while the Shia branch follows Prophet Muhammad's son-in-law Ali [2]. Nowadays, Sunni and Shia are the major branches of Islam [3]. 

2.
Question: What causes Bi-polar disorder? 

Document [1](Title: Bi-polar illness | definition of Bi-polar illness by Medical dictionary): Bi-polar illness | definition of Bi-polar illness by Medical dictionary Bi-polar illness | definition of Bi-polar illness by Medical dictionary https://medical-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/Bi-polar+illness (redirected from Bi-polar illness) Bipolar disorder, formerly known as manic depression, is a mood disorder that causes radical emotional changes and mood swings, from manic, restless highs to depressive, listless lows. Most bipolar individuals experience alternating episodes of mania and depression. Bipolar disorder is characterized by alternating manic episodes in which the individual feels abnormally euphoric, optimistic, and energetic and depressive periods in which the individual feels sad, hopeless, guilty, and sometimes suicidal. Manic or depressive periods may last for days, weeks, or months and run the spectrum from
Document [2](Title: Can Drinking Alcohol Cause Gout and Joint Pain?): Can Drinking Alcohol Cause Gout and Joint Pain? eliminating it completely. Can bi-Polar be Caused by Alcohol Abuse? Bi-polar disorder or manic depression is a mental disorder that causes shift in moods, ability to function, and energy. Most people who have bi-polar disorder engage in alcoholism. It is not clear whether alcohol cause bi-polar disorder. Alcohol worsens the condition of people who have bi-polar disorder. The factors that have been associated with the bi-polar disorder include: Depression and Anxiety \u2013 People who are depressed might turn to alcoholism. These usually worsen the symptoms of bi-polar disorder after a long period of alcohol intake. Genetic Traits \u2013 Bi-polar disorder
Document [3](Title: Bi-polar disorder | definition of Bi-polar disorder by Medical dictionary): Bi-polar disorder | definition of Bi-polar disorder by Medical dictionary Bi-polar disorder | definition of Bi-polar disorder by Medical dictionary https://medical-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/Bi-polar+disorder (redirected from Bi-polar disorder) Related to Bi-polar disorder: depression Bipolar disorder, formerly known as manic depression, is a mood disorder that causes radical emotional changes and mood swings, from manic, restless highs to depressive, listless lows. Most bipolar individuals experience alternating episodes of mania and depression. Bipolar disorder is characterized by alternating manic episodes in which the individual feels abnormally euphoric, optimistic, and energetic and depressive periods in which the individual feels sad, hopeless, guilty, and sometimes suicidal. Manic or depressive periods may last for days, weeks, or months

Answer: 
Bipolar disorder is an emotional disorder that causes extreme mood swings between excitement and depression, and the spectrum of mood swing may span from days to months [3]. We are still not certain of the exact factors that cause such disorder, but genetics is considered a major factor [1].

3. 
Question: Why is chickenpox worse as an adult?

Document [1](Title: Why does chicken pox get more dangerous as you get older?): The reasons for adults having a nastier experience are not fully understood. It might be due to differences in their immune systems.
Document [2](Title: Why Is Chickenpox So Much Worse for Adults Than for Kids?): The fact is, the jury is still out on that. Some experts speculate that the answer lies in the differences between adult and child immune systems. Kids' immune systems are dominated by phagocytes, which are big cells that "eat" any foreign material, while adult immune systems employ more antibodies, which attack microbial invaders like X-Wings attack TIE Fighters. It might be that the hungry, hungry hippo style of immune system is just more effective against certain viruses.
Document [3](Title: Chickenpox In Adults - Superdrug Health Clinic): Adults who contract chickenpox typically display more severe symptoms than those that are seen in children, which can lead to a number of further health complications. Chickenpox can also have a negative effect on your day to day life, such as work or caretaking responsibilities.

Answer: Adults tend to have more severe symptoms when having chickenpox than children do [3]. The precise reason of this phenomenon is not clear [1]. A plausible cause lies in the difference between adults and children's immune systems [2].

4.
Question: How do we hear differences in sound besides volume and pitch?

Document [1](Title: What Is The Difference Between Volume And Pitch? - Blurtit) "What Is The Difference Between Volume And Pitch? - Blurtit factors- but we won't go into that now! What is volume? Volume on the other hand looks at sound in terms of its loudness. Loudness is essentially the measurement of how the human ear hears sound. The two main factors that influence loudness are: Duration of sound Our ability to hear sound Volume is the loudness of sound, the level of amplitude in decibels. When the sound is high, it has larger amplitude and decibels and vice versa. 
Document [2](Title: What Is The Difference Between Volume And Pitch? - Blurtit) "What Is The Difference Between Volume And Pitch? - Blurtit What Is The Difference Between Volume And Pitch? Oscar De La Huerte answered Pitch and volume are measurements of two different things: Pitch measures a sound by the frequency of the waves creating it. Volume measures the loudness of a sound (usually in terms of 'decibels'). The difference between pitch and volume The difficult in explaining the difference between pitch and volume lies mainly in the fact that the two aren't completely accurate - they are both measurements of perception based on how the human ear hears sound. The main thing which the two terms have in common is that
Document [3](Title: How we hear - Tinnitus Relief Shop) How we hear - Tinnitus Relief Shop pain. This range is about 130 decibels Besides loudness, the human ear can detect pitch. This relates to the sound vibrations per second or the frequency, which is measured in Hertz. The higher the frequency, the higher the pitch. This range is incredible, from about 20 to 20,000 Hertz.Finally, the human ear can detect tone. This allows us to tell the difference between flute and a clarinet when both instruments play the same note. How We Hear : Parts of the Ear In order for the ear to perform these extraordinary functions, it must detect, decipher and analyse the sounds.
Answer: 
Pitch refers to the frequency of soundwave, and volumn refers to the amplitude of the soundwave [1][2]. Besides volumn and pitch, we can also tell the difference between sounds based on the tone of sound. For example, we can differentiate the sound of different instruments based on the tone of the sounds [3].

5. 

Question: Why is low blood pressure/heart beat rate an indicator of very good health?

Document [1](Title: Normal Blood Pressure & Heart Rate - Blood Pressure Magazine) BP for the most part doesn't indicate health (except chronic hypertension is bad).  An Olympic athlete and a 60 year old meth head could both easily have a 115/75 BP.  On both of these people,  a low BP (under 90/xx) indicates issues like low fluid, enlarged container, or bad pump.  \n\nPulse is s bit different.  A trained athlete can make his heart stronger with exercise and with this cardiac strength, the heart can pump slower due to each contraction bring stronger.  \n\nYou see slow HR is sick people too.  Usually is not a normal condition, but during acute emergencies.  You do not see an unhealthy person walking around with a HR below 60 unless something is wrong.  Overdosing on high BP meds, heart blocks, and heart failure are examples of causes.  \n\nSource: I'm a 911 response paramedic.
Document [2](Title: Resource | Baptist Health South Florida Blood Pressure vs. Heart Rate: Learn the Differences) Resource | Baptist Health South Florida Blood Pressure vs. Heart Rate: Learn the Differences | Resource | Baptist Health South Florida Blood Pressure vs. Heart Rate: Learn the Differences Posted By John Fernandez On October 20, 2014 @ 1:01 pm In Heart & Vascular,Wellness & Prevention | No Comments Your blood pressure and your heart rate do not necessarily correlate, meaning your pulse is not usually a good indicator of either high or low blood pressure. A rising heart rate does not necessarily cause your blood pressure (BP) to increase at the same rate. There are many misconceptions regarding BP and heart rate readings, primarily because the two are usually taken simultaneously by most doctors and by self-monitoring devices that people
Document [3](Title: Normal Blood Pressure and High Blood Pressure | New Health Advisor) Normal Blood Pressure and High Blood Pressure | New Health Advisor too much sodium, as processed foods are filled with added salt. A diet low in salt can help to reduce blood pressure and restore normal blood pressure levels. Drink less alcoholic beverages. Alcohol consumption can increase blood pressure, meaning that drinking less alcohol can be beneficial. Do not smoke. Smoking seriously increases the risk of developing high blood pressure as well as lung cancer, heart disease, stroke, and other health concerns. Try to quit if you are a smoker. Feeling Sick and Dizzy Heart Rate Suddenly Jumps: Why and How to Help What Is Negative Feedback Loop of Blood Pressure?

Answer: 
Low blood pression and low heart beat rate are not always an indicator of very good health. In fact, sometimes it reflects a bad health condition [1]. First, blood pressure and heart beat are not necessarily correlated with each other, someone with a low blood pressure can still have a high heart beat rate. Extremely low heart beat rate is sometimes caused by disease or bad personal habits and may cause symptoms like dizziness [1][3].

6. 
Question: What is this antitrust case EU runs against Google?

Document [1](Title: EU Hits Google With Its Antitrust Stick) EU Hits Google With Its Antitrust Stick | Fortune financial incentives to make those services exclusive, and 2) That it prevents manufacturers from selling smartphones that run non-Google versions of Android, or penalizes them for doing so. In many ways, the EU case against Google is similar to the U.S. antitrust case against Microsoft that was launched in 1998 and culminated in a large fine and other penalties. Much like Google, Microsoft was accused of using what\u2019s called \u201ctied selling\u201d to force manufacturers to include specific pieces of software (the Internet Explorer browser, for example) with the Windows operating system. One big difference in U.S. antitrust law is that
Document [2](Title: Google clears new hurdle in EU antitrust case) Google clears new hurdle in EU antitrust case | Salon.com case against Google, setting the stage for a lengthy process that could result in the company being fined up to 10 percent of its annual revenue. The EU Commission has often taken a harder line with U.S. tech companies than its American counterparts, the Federal Trade Commission and the Justice Department. Google settled a similar antitrust complaint on its search business with the FTC in January without making any major concessions on how it runs its search engine. Separately, major tech companies led by Microsoft last week filed another EU antitrust complaint against Google, alleging the company uses the dominant
Document [3](Title: EU Fines Google $2.7 Billion in Antitrust Case) EU Fines Google $2.7 Billion in Antitrust Case EU Fines Google $2.7 Billion in Antitrust Case The European Commission has levied a fine of 2.4 billion euros, or $2.7 billion, against Google. The penalty comes in an antitrust case concerning Google's Web search services. The EU ruled that Google was showing preferential treatment to its own shopping services on its online search site. \u201cIn Europe, companies must compete on the merits regardless if they are European or not,\u201d said Margrethe Vestager, the EU's antitrust chief. \u201cWhat Google has done is illegal under E.U. antitrust rules.\u201d In response, Google senior vice president and general counsel Kent Walker posted a

Answer: 
EU launched two anti-trust fines against Google for trying to get monopoly advantages by forcing manufacturers to sell Google's own version of Android [1]. The cases may result in a fine of 2.7 billion dollar, which yields around 10 percent of Google's annual avenue. [2][3]

7.
Question: Why did New York City try to ban food donations to the poor? 

Document [1](Title: The Future Of America) The Future Of America politicians actually believe that they are \u201chelping\u201d the homeless by passing such laws. In New York City, Mayor Bloomberg has banned citizens from donating food directly to homeless shelters and he is actually convinced that it was the right thing to do for the homeless\u2026 Mayor Michael Bloomberg\u2019s food police have struck again! Outlawed are food donations to homeless shelters because the city can\u2019t assess their salt, fat and fiber content, reports CBS 2\u2019s Marcia Kramer. Glenn Richter arrived at a West Side synagogue on Monday to collect surplus bagels \u2014 fresh nutritious bagels \u2014 to donate to the poor.
Document [2](Title: mayor bloomberg) mayor bloomberg Nanny State Run Amuck: Bloomberg Bans Food Donations in New York City Food Might Be Salty or Too High in Calories, City Explains Washington, D.C. \u2013 New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg\u2019s administration is now banning all food being offered to the city\u2019s homeless shelters. New York City\u2019s bureaucrats have become so singularly focused on what people eat, says the National Center for Public Policy Research, that they\u2019ve lost their common sense. \u201cSo much for serving the homeless: The Bloomberg administration is now taking the term \u2018food police\u2019 to new depths, blocking food donations to all government-run facilities that serve the
Document [3](Title: food donation) food donation Nanny State Run Amuck: Bloomberg Bans Food Donations in New York City Food Might Be Salty or Too High in Calories, City Explains Washington, D.C. \u2013 New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg\u2019s administration is now banning all food being offered to the city\u2019s homeless shelters. New York City\u2019s bureaucrats have become so singularly focused on what people eat, says the National Center for Public Policy Research, that they\u2019ve lost their common sense. \u201cSo much for serving the homeless: The Bloomberg administration is now taking the term \u2018food police\u2019 to new depths, blocking food donations to all government-run facilities that serve the

Answer: 
The ban was initiated by Mayer Blooomberg with a seemingly concern for the food quality being provided to the homeless shelters in New York City [1][2]. However, this policy is under much debate and may be controversal for some people [3]. 

8.
Question: How are we able to discern whether a sound is coming from in front of us or behind us? 

Document [1](Title: How do we know where sounds are coming from?) How do we know where sounds are coming from? - BBC Science Focus Magazine How do we know where sounds are coming from? We have only two ears, so why are we so good at pinpointing exactly where a sound has come from? Asked by: Linda Smith, St Albans Your brain is able to do this by comparing tiny differences in the way that sounds affect each ear. A noise coming from the right is slightly louder in your right ear, and reaches it fractionally earlier than your left. A sound in front or behind affects each ear the same way, with intermediate effects in-between. The brain uses these differences, even as small as
Document [2](Title: Mixing: Panning \u2013 Signature Sound) Mixing: Panning \u2013 Signature Sound But first I should define \u201cstereo.\u201d Stereophonic sound refers to the psychoacoustic response from a sound distributed across two sources. Since we have two ears, the only time a sound hits them both at exactly the same time is when something is directly in front of us or directly behind us. If the sound is coming from any other place, there is a tiny delay between when the sound reaches the ear closest to it and when the sound reaches the ear farthest from it. The human brain instantly calculates this delay to triangulate where a sound is coming from.
Document [3](Title: Hearing | Noba) Hearing | Noba with all its unique folds and bumps), the ear canal (or auditory meatus), and the tympanic membrane. Of course, most of us have two functioning ears, which turn out to be particularly useful when we are trying to figure out where a sound is coming from. As discussed below in the section on spatial hearing, our brain can compare the subtle differences in the signals at the two ears to localize sounds in space. However, this trick does not always help: for instance, a sound directly in front or directly behind you will not produce a difference between the ears.

Answer: 
There are multiple explanations for why we can localize sounds [1][2]. One explanation is that sounds travelling to the corresponding side of one's ear will be slightly louder [1]. Another explanation is that there is a slight difference in the hitting time to one's left and right ear based on the sound's direction [2]. However, these explanation means that when a sound is exactly in front of someone or exactly behind someone, he or she can not tell the difference [3].

9. 
Question: How do student loans affect getting a mortgage?

Document [1](Title: Student Loans \u2013 How do they work? | The Financial Review Student Loans) Student Loans \u2013 How do they work? | The Financial Review Student Loans \u2013 How do they work? | The Financial Review typical debt. Student loan repayments do not appear in an individual\u2019s credit history, therefore there are no implications whatsoever. This also extends to applications for credit cards \u2013 student \u2018loans\u2019 are not acknowledged. One noteworthy aspect that is affected by student loans however, is mortgage applications. Nevertheless, it does not prevent an individual from getting a mortgage. For example, lenders will consider the amount of an individual\u2019s student loan repayments in order to assess the debt to income ratio and therefore establish the amount that the individual can afford to pay for the mortgage. Just as they do with other
Document [2](Title: How Does Student Loan Debt Affect Buying a Home? | Experian) How Does Student Loan Debt Affect Buying a Home? | Experian Rates & Affordability How Student Loans Affect Getting a Mortgage Student Loan Impact on Credit Scores Other Factors for Getting Approved for a Mortgage If you're a recent college grad and hope to become a homeowner in the near future, you should know that student loan debt could affect buying a home by making it more difficult to get a mortgage. Some 83% of non-homeowners say student loan debt is preventing them from buying a home, according to the National Association of Realtors (NAR). But while student loan payments can make it harder to save for a down payment on
Documetn [3](title: Studentloanify - How your student loans affect your home mortgage prospects) Studentloanify - How your student loans affect your home mortgage prospects Though it may not seem fair, your student loan situation impacts your home mortgage outlook. Many people carry student loan debt, but it\u2019s the amount of the loan and how you handle your student loan repayment plan that will influence your ability to get a home mortgage as well as what your interest rate will be. Here are some specific factors about your student loan that will affect your home mortgage prospects. On your mortgage loan application, you will have to report how much your monthly student loan payment is. This amount will be deducted from your monthly gross income

Answer:
While student loan does not directly impact credit score, it may have a negative impact on mortage loan application because the monthly payback amount will be deducted from your monthly gross income [1][3].
According to a survey by the NAR, a large amount of students expressed that taking a student loan hurts their mortage application [2].

10.
Question: Why can our eyes only see visible light?

Document [1](Title: Thermal Imaging is More Than Meets the Eye - CEDARVILLE Engineering Group, LLC \u2013 Sustaining Communities by Design) Thermal Imaging is More Than Meets the Eye - CEDARVILLE Engineering Group, LLC \u2013 Sustaining Communities by Design Thermal Imaging is More Than Meets the Eye We see every day. Our two eyes are the source of our thoughts and ideas. However, only 0.0035% of light is visible to the human eye. So how do we know about the other 99.965% of light out there? A big contributor to detecting light outside of the human spectrum is thermal imaging. As stated before, our eyes can only process certain wavelengths and frequencies. Visible light for us ranges between a wavelength of 400 and 700 nanometers (nm). Therefore, we only see light from violet to red. Thermal imaging can detect 
Document [2](Title: Why can we only see visible light on the electromagnetic spectrum?) Why can we only see visible light on the electromagnetic spectrum? develop a means of better navigating their surroundings. The first eyes are expected to have evolved over 550 million years ago in water environments. Even as these organisms moved to land, visible light still proved to be the most useful part of the electromagnetic spectrum to see\u2014radio waves would make it difficult to resolve small objects, X-rays tend to like to pass through matter, and UV rays can damage both our skin and our eyes. Simply put, the evolution of our eyes can be explained by the survival strategies of Earth\u2019s earliest life forms. Blade Optics And The Electromagnetic Spectrum
Document [3](Title: Why can we only see visible light on the electromagnetic spectrum?) Why can we only see visible light on the electromagnetic spectrum? of the [electromagnetic] spectrum have wavelengths too large or too small and energetic for the biological limitations of our perception.\u201d But why did humans evolve to see visible light instead of other electromagnetic waves? Why We See Visible Light Considering that our eyes took hundreds of millions of years to evolve to see visible light, there are some pretty good reasons as to why. First, visible light is the only type of electromagnetic radiation that propagates well in water. Seeing as how many of Earth\u2019s early organisms lived in water environments, it would only make sense for these organisms to

Answer: 
When the evolution of eyes started, most life still live under water [3]. This causes that we can only see the electromagnetic specturm, which are the only lights that can penetrate water [2]. 
